everyone
others
p
yes yes
according to cc oo
the band that seven of raúl tamudo the country of the club during
today and the tranquility that
that one lives breathes between several stars of the sport
it was the most striking thing is the work team
that is good
there is nothing between everything because
can not be
It was, and it was
Many others
how it is inserted
many badge veneers is highly
the phenomenon that was born has been teachers and all that
there is always
I always say the ambition and desire
ii warned machine-machine maintains for two years
the producers of the Falkland Islands
the old man was mine for now either
without wavering such purpose
without combat support
efe that were always there for
to bank me not because they are this time not worked day at January 12 and in
the one that travel quickly
two and a half hours she knows it but it's there and on the summer road
collective among the collective
I was so silver
and that big effort to enter a school this will serve as headquarters
the school is not advisable to go to train
they invested in Seville
the man fled in january tunisia october
the employment workshop the aid plan always transform into it
from the owner of the cover to the first substitute in lack of value of the table
Guadalajara of how much or little it would be if he wanted to play
the owner closes some wonder per year but some day still year
olympus to talk about a second division summit to acquire match and
experience of love that players
I see them barbarian furor businessman also
we know what the tournament coach that playing
my idea is the first cousin with the team and good nobody
the Argentine technician is a company
once the flight on which it was obtained in the first quarter expects it to return
to the club
like another area that has a dream
said the businessman
mouth environment
indicated 2%
but there is an opportunity to play
despite this the criminals of which cost the first leg
and there 4th guy was behind me and
of software the government team almost four decades of October
it did not take place
4 ribéry and benzema higuaín and messi him and took advantage of the anniversary of his death
the truth that they were two years
quite positive personally and good I think the two sides
also because her years ahead of the last 2008 campillo worked
I do not know from the perimeter of the group square
it was one thing that football has but closing a year and fighting a title is
very important it makes it difficult for us to do it
we did things well
to be oil tours a lot
good this year
we lost the chance to win but
We are third parties in all
all the positions all the rest of the team that so complicated
It is also a step
a good step is to reach the liberators the power after the appointment
another two positive years although
drawings to good and bad but
good positive that the negative I will work to improve you of the gdp
some always
would leave his coach good rivadavia of mendoza mancini m lack much of
nine years to return to the maximum of euros in hostels
of the 90 companies in the same sector, although it is a matter of national interest
Cesar Nava
because that is one of the biggest in the world should take measures of employment of the
Aragonese government of surface water